[GSoC] Joints framework documentation (#23730)
sympy/sympy: doc/src/modules/physics/mechanics/joints.rst

.. _joints_framework:

=====================================
Joints Framework in Physics/Mechanics
=====================================

:mod:`sympy.physics.mechanics` provides a joints framework. This system consists of two parts. The first are the :obj:`joints<sympy.physics.mechanics.joint>` themselves, which are used to create connections between :class:`bodies<sympy.physics.mechanics.body.Body>`. The second part is the :class:`~.JointsMethod`, which is used to form the equations of motion. Both of these parts are doing what we can call "book-keeping": keeping track of the relationships between :class:`bodies<sympy.physics.mechanics.body.Body>`.

Joints in Physics/Mechanics
===========================

The general task of the :mod:`joints<sympy.physics.mechanics.joint>` is creating kinematic relationships between :class:`bodies<sympy.physics.mechanics.body.Body>`. Each joint has a setup as shown in the image below (this is the example of the :class:`~.PrismaticJoint`).

.. image:: api/PrismaticJoint.*
   :align: center
   :width: 600

As can be seen in this image, each joint needs several objects in order to define the relationships.

> First of it needs two bodies: the parent body (shown in green) and the child body (shown in blue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First off it needs two bodies: the parent body (shown in green) and the child body (shown in blue).
```

> Both of these bodies have a masscenter from which the position of the joint is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these bodies have a mass center from which the position of the joint is defined.
```

In the parent body the vector from the mass center to the ``parent_point`` is called the ``parent_joint_pos``.
For the child body these are called the ``child_point`` and ``child_joint_pos``.
The orientation of the joint in each body is defined by the ``parent_axis`` and ``child_axis``.

> These two vectors are aligned as explained in the :class:`~.Joint` notes and are in the image parallel to the orange vector.

Reviewer: The color looks more red than orange to me.

> As last the joint also needs :func:`~.dynamicsymbols` as generalized coordinates and speeds.

Reviewer: I guess people could create these joints to just get static connections of bodies, so having a dynamicsymbol isn't strictly needed.

In the case of the :class:`~.PrismaticJoint` shown above, the generalized coordinate ``q_1`` distance along the joint axis.
And the generalized speed ``u_1`` is its velocity.

With the information listed above, the joint defines the following relationships.
It first defines the kinematic differential equations, which relate the generalized coordinates to the generalized speeds.
Next, it orients the parent and child body with respect to each other.

> After which it also defines their velocity relationships.

Reviewer: Maybe note the position vectors are 1/2*P.x + 1/10*P.y, etc.
